I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
13 11 14 - Suicide Hotline.
If a strange man offers you a ride, I say take it.
Go play in traffic.
You remind me of one of those people in school that nobody remembers.
I could fuck every person at your funeral and still be a virgin.
One might be tempted to apply conventional insults to you, you are an Idiot, a shameless attention whore, an Ugly motherfucker, a whiny Bitch, sleazeball, and so forth. But the fact of the matter is that those insults and the various colourful variations and combinations of which nevertheless give you too much credit. Even idiots can be put to good use, even if just as projects to cheer people up or sweeping the floor, an attention whore might be amusing in some way even if just by accident, plenty of ugly people are decent and respectable and better despite their aesthetic deficiencies and Whiners can contribute too, even if they make a fuss over nothing and are annoying as fuck and a sleazeball might have some good ideas despite his loathsome mannerism and attitudes. Not that these terms could not be applied to you, no, no. But because the people that those words described can be put to use in some small way to make this world a better place, or at least have some vaguely redeeming qualities. You, however do not. Never before has in the history of the universe have the forces of the nature come together to create such an abysmally substandard human being such as yourself. What are you? You are a Waste. I don't pity you, i pity the tapeworms that are forced to endure dwelling in you horrid intestinal tract. I pity the water atoms which have passed through the eras of Great People, be they Enlightened rulers, scientists who push forward humanity, heroes who have saved the lives of thousands or simply pleasant, kind hearted and Generous folk and now must endure being stuck inside the cell tissues of your horrid legs. The only possible way you could endeavour to make this world a better place is if you went into a chemical waste dump with a sharp rock (not a knife, some object that was shaped by the hands and minds of mankind and the fruits of their efforts deserve some respect, which befouling it with your bodily juices is anything but) and stab yourself in the chest, letting your body degrade amongst corrosive industrial run-off so it may be elevated to its level and that the materials that the universe would have eighty more kilograms of free material to be turned into anything other than you.
You're a pro-choice poster child.
If i had a gun with two bullets and i was in a room with Adolf Hitler, Osama Bin-Laden, and you, I'd shoot you twice.
May your chocolate chip cookies turn out to be raisins.
All day I thought of you...I was at the zoo.
It is so nice that you like to set aside quality time to humiliate yourself in public.
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
I'm not being rude, you're just insignificant.
At least cunts are useful you are not.
You are so gay your favorite game is leapfrog with unicorns.
A lot of people live and learn. You just live.
Why don't you slip into something a little more comfortable...like a coma.
I'd love to insult you, but I won't do as well as nature did.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You're nothing but trash. Actually, I take that back. At least trash used to be something useful.
You’re a six-piece Chicken McNobody.
You’re an ass-hat.